#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10 yes
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
anyio==4.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
blackjax==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   probabilisticml
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
chex==0.1.85
    # via optax
comm==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
dataclasses==0.6
    # via probabilisticml
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
etils[epath,epy]==1.5.2
    # via orbax-checkpoint
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via blackjax
filelock==3.13.1
    # via virtualenv
flax==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2023.12.1
    # via etils
identify==2.5.32
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via etils
ipykernel==6.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax==0.4.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blackjax
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   jaxopt
    #   numpyro
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   probabilisticml
jaxlib==0.4.21
    # via
    #   blackjax
    #   chex
    #   jaxopt
    #   numpyro
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jaxopt==0.8.2
    # via blackjax
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via probabilisticml
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.9
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.3.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorstore
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via numpyro
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.0.6
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxopt
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numpyro
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   probabilisticml
    #   scipy
    #   tensorstore
numpyro==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   probabilisticml
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via jax
optax==0.1.7
    # via
    #   blackjax
    #   flax
orbax-checkpoint==0.4.5
    # via flax
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==3.5.0
    # via probabilisticml
probabilisticml @ git+https://github.com/lisa-wm/probabilisticml.git
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via orbax-checkpoint
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   jupyter-events
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.0
    # via flax
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxopt
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tensorstore==0.1.51
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via chex
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via numpyro
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   blackjax
    #   chex
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
